to the bullring a step away from the
demolition according to the deputy manager of the
company coliseo trujillo society
anonymous after completing the
requirements required within a period of
seven days the municipality will approve the
demolition of the traditional bullring
we are this
requesting the return is
fulfilling
through a
study of the file by the
project plan
management plan of the historic center
because we are in the bullring is
within the center's management plan
historical and we have the
approval of urban development as
other uses and currently we are
doing the zoning change of
zoning to residences are missing more
businesses the municipality would have already
complied with the study of the file
technical project construction
a modern retail market until the
At the moment, the approval of the
urban development area of the commune
Having made that provincial approval
of the ratified project we are
granting demolition license
So why wait to have the
Approach to the measurement license
next week we hope to have
demolition license fulfilling all
requirements that the entity requires us to
municipalities approximately
3,000 stores of which we can
solve the outpatient trade of
trucchi to everything that is questioned
wholesaler and everything but that will depend on
part of the lawyers who manage to clean up in
the course of two years or three the
part of the eight thousand 48 thousand
400 square meters where are the
possessors although the local is
within a monumental urban area by
a wall that borders the avenue
españa martín tuesta assured that the
regional culture directorate issued the
document confirming that the square of
bulls is not a historical heritage
intangible assured that the project will be
will run 18 meters from said wall
because before starting the project
we request a document that
issue the linense and we have a document
in that it is not historical heritage and
it is an area that is not intangible nor
we are not in an urban environment either
monumental
but if it is within an area of
influence but an influence area like
by the wall however our
project is on tape and rock at 18
meters of the boundary of the terrain that is not
we affect in nothing is more we have 14 thousand
500 square meters to develop the
land of 9,000 square meters will be
consisting of two store levels
and one for warehouses however it
plans to plan a third floor for
stores for merchants
the prices would oscillate between
the 9,000 and 9,500 dollars